Fixed #35016 -- Doc'd that DATABASES["OPTIONS"] are passed to new PostgreSQL connections. (#17586)
django/django: docs/ref/databases.txt

        }
    }

.. note::

>     The PostgreSQL backend passes the content of :setting:`OPTIONS` as keyword arguments to the connection constructor, allowing for more advanced control of driver behavior. Any options from the :setting:`OPTIONS` key that are not recognized by the engine itself are passed directly to the underlying ``libpq`` library. This way you can set options like `sslmode`_.

Reviewer: IMO, it would be useful to link to the list of available parameters:

https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-PARAMKEYWORDS

        }
    }

> The PostgreSQL backend passes the content of :setting:`OPTIONS` as keyword 
> arguments to the connection constructor, allowing for more advanced control 
> of driver behavior. All available `parameters`_ are described in detail in the  
> PostgreSQL documentation. 
> 

Reviewer 2: Remove trailing whitespaces:
```suggestion
The PostgreSQL backend passes the content of :setting:`OPTIONS` as keyword
arguments to the connection constructor, allowing for more advanced control
of driver behavior. All available `parameters`_ are described in detail in the
PostgreSQL documentation.
```

        }
    }

> The PostgreSQL backend passes the content of :setting:`OPTIONS` as keyword 
> arguments to the connection constructor, allowing for more advanced control 
> of driver behavior. Any options from the :setting:`OPTIONS` key that are not 
> recognized by the engine itself are passed directly to the underlying ``libpq`` 
> library. Here are the currently recognized `parameters`_. 

Reviewer 2: I recommended dropping the second sentence
```suggestion
The PostgreSQL backend passes the content of :setting:`OPTIONS` as keyword 
arguments to the connection constructor, allowing for more advanced control 
of driver behavior. All available `parameters`_ are described in detail in the
PostgreSQL documentation.

.. _parameters: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-PARAMKEYWORDS
```

Author: Ah sorry, it is removed in the coming edit.
